Docs init (#90)
stackrox/kube-linter: docs/README.md

organization. When a lint check fails, KubeLinter also reports recommendations
for resolving any potential issues and returns a non-zero exit code.

> [!WARNING]
> KubeLinter is at an early stage of development. There may be breaking changes
> in the future to the command usage, flags, and configuration file formats.
> However, we encourage you to use KubeLinter to test your environment YAML
> files, see what breaks, and
> [contribute](https://github.com/stackrox/kube-linter/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
> to its development.

## Installing KubeLinter

### Using Go

To install by using [Go](https://golang.org/), run the following command:

```bash
GO111MODULE=on go get golang.stackrox.io/kube-linter/cmd/kube-linter
```
Otherwise, download the latest binary from
[Releases](https://github.com/stackrox/kube-linter/releases) and add it to your
PATH.

### Using Homebrew

To install by using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) on macOS, Linux, and [Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about),
run the following command:

```bash
brew install kube-linter
```

### Using Docker

1. Get the latest KubeLinter Docker image:
   ```bash

>    docker pull stackrox/kube-linter

Reviewer: We should have a note encouraging people to use the latest released version unless they're just experimenting with it.

   ```
1. Add current directory with your `yaml` file as a read only volume for the
   `docker run` command:
   ```bash

>    docker run -v ${PWD}:/tmp:ro --rm -i stackrox/kube-linter lint /tmp/pod.yaml

Reviewer: Let's use what we have on [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/stackrox/kube-linter)?
 
```suggestion
   docker run -v /path/to/files/you/want/to/lint:/dir -v /path/to/config.yaml:/etc/config.yaml stackrox/kube-linter lint /dir --config /etc/config.yaml
```

   ```

## Building from source

> [!NOTE] Before you build, make sure that you have [installed Go](https://golang.org/doc/install).

To build KubeLinter from source:

1. Clone the KubeLinter repository:
   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:stackrox/kube-linter.git
   ```
1. Compile the source code:
   ```bash
   make build
   ```

>    This command compiles the source code and creates `kube-linter` binary files
>    for each platform in the `.gobin` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This command compiles the source code and creates a `kube-linter` binary file
   for your platform in the `.gobin` folder.
```

1. Verify that the compiled binary is working:
   ```bash
   .gobin/kube-linter version

>    ```

Reviewer: We should tell people that they can optionally do one of the following to be able to invoke the binary as `kube-linter`.
 a) copy `.gobin/kube-linter` to some directory in their PATH or b) add `.gobin` to their PATH by running:
```bash
echo export PATH='"${PATH}:'"$(pwd)/.gobin"'"'
```
and pasting the output into their bashrc or other similar file.

       command: [ "sh", "-c", "sleep 1h" ]
       volumeMounts:
       - name: sec-ctx-vol
         mountPath: /data/demo
       securityContext:
         allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
   ```
   > [!NOTE] This sample file has two production readiness issues and one
   > security issue.
   >
   > **Security issue**
   > - The container in this pod is not running as a read-only file system,
   >   allowing it to write to the root filesystem.
   > 
   > **Production readiness issue**
   > - The configuration doesn't specify the container's CPU requests and
   >   limits, allowing it to consume excessive CPU. 
   > - The configuration doesn't specify the container's memory requests and
   >   limits, allowing it to consume excessive memory.

1. To lint this file with KubeLinter, run the following command:
   ```bash
   kube-linter lint pod.yaml
   ```
1. KubeLinter runs the default checks and reports errors.
   ```
   pod.yaml: (object: <no namespace>/security-context-demo /v1, Kind=Pod) container "sec-ctx-demo" does not have a read-only root file system (check: no-read-only-root-fs, remediation: Set readOnlyRootFilesystem to true in your container's securityContext.)

>    pod.yaml: (object: <no namespace>/security-context-demo /v1, Kind=Pod) container    "sec-ctx-demo" has cpu limit 0 (check: unset-cpu-requirements, remediation: Set    your container's CPU requests and limits depending on its requirements. See    https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/   #requests-and-limits for more details.)

Reviewer: Can you fix the spacing here (and below)? Seems like there are some places where there are multiple spaces in the output, but there shouldn't be.

   helm-chart-sample/helm-chart-sample/templates/tests/test-connection.yaml: (object: <no namespace>/test-release-helm-chart-sample-test-connection /v1, Kind=Pod) container "wget" is not set to runAsNonRoot (check: run-as-non-root, remediation: Set runAsUser to a non-zero number, and runAsNonRoot to true, in your pod or container securityContext. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/ for more details.)

   helm-chart-sample/helm-chart-sample/templates/tests/test-connection.yaml: (object: <no namespace>/test-release-helm-chart-sample-test-connection /v1, Kind=Pod) container "wget" has cpu request 0 (check: unset-cpu-requirements, remediation: Set your container's CPU requests and limits depending on its requirements. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#requests-and-limits for more details.)
   
   ...

   Error: found 12 lint errors
   ```

<!-- tabs:end -->

For more details about using and configuring KubeLinter, see the
[Using KubeLinter](/using-kubelinter) topic.

# Community

> To engage with the KubeLinter community, including maintainers and other

Reviewer: Can we add a Slack logo or emoji on this line? (I remember seeing it on one of your earlier previews)

  users, join [KubeLinter on Slack](https://kube-linter.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-icv44kde-gfpmAtrT6toeqYYd7JOVTA#/).

To contribute, see the [contributing guide](https://github.com/stackrox/kube-linter/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

> [!ATTENTION]
> Our [code of conduct](https://github.com/stackrox/kube-linter/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) governs all participation in the KubeLinter community.

# License 

> KubeLinter is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](./LICENSE).

Reviewer: Can you copy the link to our open positions from the bottom of our current root README?

for resolving any potential issues and returns a non-zero exit code.

> [!WARNING]
> KubeLinter is at an early stage of development. There may be breaking changes
> in the future to the command usage, flags, and configuration file formats.
> However, we encourage you to use KubeLinter to test your environment YAML
> files, see what breaks, and
> [contribute](https://github.com/stackrox/kube-linter/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
> to its development.

## Installing KubeLinter

### Using Go

To install by using [Go](https://golang.org/), run the following command:

```bash
GO111MODULE=on go get golang.stackrox.io/kube-linter/cmd/kube-linter
```
Otherwise, download the latest binary from
[Releases](https://github.com/stackrox/kube-linter/releases) and add it to your
PATH.

### Using Homebrew

To install by using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) on macOS, Linux, and [Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about),
run the following command:

```bash
brew install kube-linter
```

### Using Docker

1. Get the latest KubeLinter Docker image:
   ```bash
   docker pull stackrox/kube-linter
   ```

>    > [!NOTE] We recommend that you alway use the latest image unless you are

Reviewer: Sorry for not being clear, I meant the opposite. We should encourage people to use an image corresponding to a specific release from https://github.com/stackrox/kube-linter/releases (ideally the latest one) and _not_ use the `latest` tag since that may end up breaking their builds unexpectedly.

   > testing a specific version of KubeLinter.
1. Add path to a directory containing your `yaml` files:
   `docker run` command:
   ```bash
   docker run -v /path/to/files/you/want/to/lint:/dir -v /path/to/config.yaml:/etc/config.yaml stackrox/kube-linter lint /dir --config /etc/config.yaml
   ```

## Building from source

> [!NOTE] Before you build, make sure that you have [installed Go](https://golang.org/doc/install).

To build KubeLinter from source:

1. Clone the KubeLinter repository:
   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:stackrox/kube-linter.git
   ```
1. Compile the source code:
   ```bash
   make build
   ```
   This command compiles the source code and creates a `kube-linter` binary file
   for your platform in the `.gobin` folder.
1. Verify that the compiled binary is working:
   ```bash
   .gobin/kube-linter version
   ```

> 1. (Optional) Add the generated binary to you path:
>    ```bash
>    export PATH='"${PATH}:'"$(pwd)/.gobin"'"'
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) Add the generated binary to your path.
You can do this by running the following command, and pasting the result into your shell startup file (for example, `~/.bash_profile`, `~/.bashrc` or `~/.zshenv`):
   ```bash
   echo export PATH='"${PATH}:'"$(pwd)/.gobin"'"'
   ```
```

for resolving any potential issues and returns a non-zero exit code.

> [!WARNING]
> KubeLinter is at an early stage of development. There may be breaking changes
> in the future to the command usage, flags, and configuration file formats.
> However, we encourage you to use KubeLinter to test your environment YAML
> files, see what breaks, and
> [contribute](https://github.com/stackrox/kube-linter/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
> to its development.

## Installing KubeLinter

### Using Go

To install by using [Go](https://golang.org/), run the following command:

```bash
GO111MODULE=on go get golang.stackrox.io/kube-linter/cmd/kube-linter
```
Otherwise, download the latest binary from
[Releases](https://github.com/stackrox/kube-linter/releases) and add it to your
PATH.

### Using Homebrew

To install by using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) on macOS, Linux, and [Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about),
run the following command:

```bash
brew install kube-linter
```

### Using Docker

1. Get the latest KubeLinter Docker image:
   ```bash
   docker pull stackrox/kube-linter:0.1.4
   ```

>    > [!NOTE] You should avoid using the `:latest` tag as it is harder to track
>    > which version of the image is running and more difficult to roll back
>    > properly. See the
>    > [Releases](https://github.com/stackrox/kube-linter/releases) page to view
>    > availble tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > [!NOTE] While we provide the `:latest` tag for convenience and ease of experimentation,
   > we recommend using a tag corresponding to a specific release
   > when incorporating KubeLinter into your workflows to avoid unexpected breakages.
   > See the [Releases](https://github.com/stackrox/kube-linter/releases) page to view
   > available tags.
```

1. Add path to a directory containing your `yaml` files:
   `docker run` command:
   ```bash
   docker run -v /path/to/files/you/want/to/lint:/dir -v /path/to/config.yaml:/etc/config.yaml stackrox/kube-linter lint /dir --config /etc/config.yaml
   ```

## Building from source

> [!NOTE] Before you build, make sure that you have [installed Go](https://golang.org/doc/install).

To build KubeLinter from source:

1. Clone the KubeLinter repository:
   ```bash
   git clone git@github.com:stackrox/kube-linter.git
   ```
1. Compile the source code:
   ```bash
   make build
   ```
   This command compiles the source code and creates a `kube-linter` binary file
   for your platform in the `.gobin` folder.
1. Verify that the compiled binary is working:
   ```bash
   .gobin/kube-linter version
   ```

> 1. (Optional) Add the generated binary to you path. Run the following commad and
>    add the outupt to your shell profile (`~/.bash_profile`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) Add the generated binary to your path. Run the following command and
   add the output to your shell profile (`~/.bash_profile`,
```
